Add pg_tgrm Extension Requirement to Azure Install Documentation (#1114)
astronomer/docs: software/install-azure-standard.md

* SMTP Service & Credentials (e.g. Mailgun, Sendgrid, etc.)
* Permission to create and modify resources on AKS
* Permission to generate a certificate (not self-signed) that covers a defined set of subdomains

> * If your organization uses Azure Database for PostgreSQL as the database backend, you need to enable the `pg_trgm` extension before upgrading to Astronomer Software 0.30 using the Azure portal or the Azure CLI.  If you don't enable the `pg_trgm` extension before you perform the upgrade, the upgrade will fail. For more information about enabling the `pg_trgm` extension, see [PostgreSQL extensions in Azure Database for PostgreSQL - Flexible Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/postgresql/flexible-server/concepts-extensions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If your organization uses Azure Database for PostgreSQL as the database backend, you need to enable the `pg_trgm` extension using the Azure portal or the Azure CLI before installing Astronomer Software. If you don't enable the `pg_trgm` extension, the install will fail. For more information about enabling the `pg_trgm` extension, see [PostgreSQL extensions in Azure Database for PostgreSQL - Flexible Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/postgresql/flexible-server/concepts-extensions).
```
